# CLI Currency Exchange
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/YxenayJQsBY
    #### Description:
        ###### Project File:
            The Currency Exchange program is made to run and get user input from the terminal window. I made this program to mimick some of the MSDos programs I have used at work where you are prompted with selections to choose from. The entire project is contained in the project.py file, this was done deliberatly as the program is not complex enough to require multiple files. The program only supports 5 currencies right now, it is getting the updated rates from exchangeratesapi and the api response is limited to only those currenices that the program currently supports. The file has global variables that get preloaded with rates, symbols, and labels for each of the currencies when the programs starts, this firstly limits api usage but also makes the program run faster becuase it does not have to fetch information for each conversion. Majority of the program functions refer back to these global variables and this is where I will need to focus to add extended functionality.
        ###### Api Limitaions:
            A few api limitaions i had to work around where firstly the amount of api calls that i was allowed to use, confusing api usage guide and the main one being that the base currency was GBP. To addresss these limits I added the global variable to limit api usage, I did some research on api usage and went through gudies of other apis to figure out how to correctly use this one, and I made a conversion function to correctly reflect the rates of each currency the program supported. However, if there was no api limitaion it would be easier to call on the api for each conversion using the user specifed currency as the base case.
        ###### Test File:
            It was alittle difficult to make the test_project.py file becuase while creating the program I took time to ensure the program didnt break in any way while being run, which also meant alot of the "fail" test cases would not work as they would be stuck in a loop waiting for user input. I also had to learn how to use the monkeypatch functionality in pytest to properly test the functions I had created by passing through the correct inputs.
        ###### Improvments:
            The rates & symbol functions have some code smell and would ideally be imporved in future interations of the program.
            My current plan is to move onto CS50 WebDev and update this program adding more currencies and adding a GUI. While doing that I will need to improve on my error handling and messages instead of just reprompting the user. While making the video it was clear that even though it reprompts the user it doesnt necessarily tell the user why, so some users might not intuitively understand what went wrong. I think it would also be good to use other abilites of the api to display graphs of the rate over time aswell, I may look for a different api all together to use to work around some of the api limitaions with base currency and exhchange calls.